♪ MTV
[Dwight]
How you doin', Harlan?
I'd like to buy
your wind turbines.
What do you know
about "wind turbines"?
I know they blow.
They don't blow.
- They're taking--
- Bodhi.
Nobody likes a fucking wiseass.
[Thresher]
This Manfredi,
he's moving
in the wrong direction.
And that's my direction.
I want him put away.
I'll be trying this case
personally.
Real fuckin' Boy Scout.
This place is beautiful.
- Do you want me to come out?
- Would you?
[Joanne]
To help you get settled.
[Bevilaqua]
How was your trip to Tulsa?
[Art]
Place is run by Dwight Manfredi.
These New York pricks don't
afford me
so much as a courtesy call.
See, this is how people
really get hurt.
I got a bit of a situation.
Somebody stole
the catalytic converters
- on my lot.
- Ah!
For protection,
you give my daughter a new car.
Certified pre-owned be okay?
But there's nothing like
that new car smell, Donnie.
[phone rings]
What do you want?
Help us take out Dwight.
Together, we're gonna
take back what's ours.
[phone clicks off]
♪ "White Rabbit"
by Jefferson Airplane ♪
[Dwight] You've heard
the state's evidence
and you've heard
the state's witnesses,
and the only witness--
Agent Stacy Beale--
knows the truth.
And the truth is
I never tried
to bribe anyone in my life.
Agent Beale knows it,
the ATF knows it,
the U.S. attorney knows it
and now you, ladies
and gentlemen of the jury,
you know it, too.
So, in conclusion,
I have no doubt
that you'll arrive
at the only fair verdict,
which is I am absolutely,
100% not guilty.
And if that's not true,
I'll come over
and bust your heads
individually.
What are you doing?
What?
He did a good job.
This is supposed to be
a courtroom, not a concert.
[Dwight]
Yeah, thank you, Fred.
But what did you think
of the summation?
I thought it was good.
It was very concise.
Case is shit, you must acquit.
Thanks, Tyson,
I'm gonna try to work that in.
[Tyson laughs]
Hey. Cuckoo.
Hello. Clint?
- Huh?
- What did you think?
- Innocent.
- [Fred chortles]
Okay, "not guilty" or "guilty."
Those are your only options.
Innocent's the same thing.
[Bodhi]
No, it is not.
"Innocent" means
he didn't do anything illegal.
"Not guilty" means
they can't prove the charges.
Where'd you get that?
[tongue clicks]
Boy, there's, like, 15 hours
- of Law & Order on TV every day.
- [Fred laughs]
Then he's innocent
because, technically,
he didn't do anything illegal.
Right. Not this time.
[Jimmy]
Hey, look,
you got this.
All's you need is one person
on that jury
to see things your way.
- Thank you, Jimmy.
- [Fred] Out of 12 people,
that's like... 15%.
8.3 percent.
- Even better.
- [Fred] Therefore,
I find him innocent.
-"Not guilty," dude.
- [laughing]
- [hands clap]
- [Dwight] Hey!
Is everyone fucking high here?
What did you expect?
You chose to have a mock trial
in a weed shop.
[laughter]
♪ percussive, upbeat music
***
♪ "Ain't No Shelter"
by Samuel Jack ♪
[clears throat]
How you doing?
Good.
How long does it take you
to do that?
Write lyrics?
Depends on the mood.
Sometimes, when I'm
feeling good or almost happy,
it's always terrible,
takes forever,
but when it rains, it pours.
[phone rings]
- Yeah.
- [Chickie] Bevilaqua's gonna
come and see you.
Okay.
Him and his guy Carl Caputo.
- Yeah.
- Play nice in the sandbox,
see how Dwight takes it.
Yeah.
It's time for a regime change.
- Talk to you later.
- Okay.
Who was that?
- Eh, one of them robocalls.
- Yeah,
you got rid of him
in four syllables.
The fuck does that mean?
- What?
- You trying to say something?
You don't think I was
talking to one of them
- fucking robo-fucks?
- Relax, man.
I was just making
a dumbass joke.
[Constance] The entire point
of mediation is to avoid
a lengthy, contentious
and oftentimes
quite expensive
divorce litigation.
That said, I find
what Clara is proposing
to be quite reasonable
in terms of visitation.
Okay, I'm listening.
You'll see the boys every other
weekend, with supervision.
That's reasonable?
The fuck, Clara?
You get to stay in the house,
I'm paying support
through the nose and now, what,
you want to screw me
on the kids, too?
You aren't with your degenerate
friends here, Armand.
Can you possibly
keep your language civil?
Supervision? Supervision?
- The fuck is that?
- [Constance] For this to work,
it's best if we keep emotions
out of things.
I'm getting hammered
at every point here!
Maybe the time to think
about all of this was before
you threw your lot in
with criminals, okay?
This is just the repercussions
of your lying.
What lying?
Guy's an acquaintance of mine.
Really? You have
a lot of acquaintances
who beat the living shit
out of you in your own kitchen
and then put a fucking gun
in your mouth?
You ruined our family
'cause you chose
that fucking crook Manfredi
over your own family.
Why don't you be a man now,
huh, for once
and own what you did?
[Constance]
Clara, please.
♪ pulsing, dramatic music ♪
[scoffs]
Fuck it.
Whatever.
You are agreeing
to Clara's terms?
Give her whatever she wants.
♪ You can't make a martini ♪
♪ Without a little alcohol... ♪
[machine chiming]
You talked to Donnie Shore?
[Mitch]
Yeah, and I tell you one thing--
he's happy to have
those converters back.
Yeah, I'm sure he is.
[chuckles]
And I think he's about ready
to pack it in.
Think he's had it.
The dealership.
Think it could be
an opportunity.
A great business
to launder money,
decent revenue stream.
I think, with great marketing,
it'd be a gold mine.
It could. I like it. You'd have
to change the name, of course.
Oh, I got that under control.
Dwight Manfredi's Autorama.
- [laughs]
- I can do better than that.
Or "The General."
"General Motors."
You think they'll mind?
- I'll check.
- [chuckles]
What do you know
about cars anyway?
Well, I know a little bit.
My uncle owned
a Ford dealership.
Hmm. You know-- But you got
to have a pretty big inventory.
- You got to have a lot of cars.
- It's not as bad as you think.
You ever heard
of floor planning?
- Mm-mmm.
- You get a short-term loan
from the bank.
The cars are used as collateral.
And then, bit by bit, you pay
off the loan with each car sold.
In addition to the sales,
then you got the service center,
another moneymaker.
- Big-time.
What do you think?
I think it's about time
we paid Donnie Shore a visit.
- Tyson.
- [Tyson] Yo.
What are you reading?
- Pocket Bible.
- Pocket Bible?
[chuckles]
It's too late, pal.
It's never too late.
[chuckles]
And what's this
handsome boy's name?
- This is Hunter.
- Hey, Hunter.
Ooh, he's strong.
Someone's been eating
their Wheaties.
He is strong. Fast, too.
Hmm.
[vehicle approaches]
I thought you were looking
for another Arabian.
Well, a man needs
to stay flexible
or else he blinds himself
to the possibilities.
Of course I can buy that guy
and the Arabian.
- I know.
- Mm-hmm.
Sorry to hear about your friend.
I guess you're
referring to Dwight?
Yeah. Him.
I understand the U.S. attorney's
taken on his case personally.
- Wouldn't know.
- Really?
Oh, I thought you two
were an item.
Yeah, so you keep saying.
Makes me wonder
why you're so interested.
'Cause you could do
a whole lot better.
You and I, we've known
each other for a long time.
What is the problem?
You're just not for me.
Huh.
But you'll go for a...
criminal greaseball
in a pinky ring.
Honestly?
There's more class
in that pinky ring
than your entire body.
Deal with Armand from now on.
Who?
[Margaret]
My stable man.
[engine starts]
[vehicle recedes]
♪ lighthearted music
[horn honks]
[indistinct chatter]
[Dwight]
Okay, where is it?
Where's my La-Z-Boy
I've been dreaming about?
[Tina]
Yeah, uh, about that, um...
we got you a lounge chair.
- What kind of lounge chair?
- It's an Eames.
What the hell's that--
What's an Eames?
[Tina] It's beautiful.
It's black leather over walnut
with a separate ottoman.
[Dwight]
Terrible, man. I want the kind
- with the cup holder in the arm.
- My dad, he has that exact one.
[Dwight]
It has a lever, a handle.
- [Tina] Oh, wow.
- You pull back, the feet go out,
- the back goes down.
- [hisses]
- Telling you, the shit is bomb.
- Did you get that?
Okay, look. You know what?
[chuckles]
I think you're gonna learn
to fucking love
the Eames chair.
- You know, when are you leaving?
- I'm not.
Getting a migraine.
- [honks horn]
- [Dwight] Who's this?
Curly from The Three Stooges?
Mr. Manfredi?
Mr. Manfredi,
my name is Wesley Tucker.
I'm your neighbor,
right across the street there.
- Oh, hi. Nice to meet you.
- Yeah.
Well, first of all,
let me just say,
welcome to the community.
I think you and your family
are gonna be very happy here.
[Dwight]
Oh, we are, Wesley.
It's beautiful,
it's a beautiful neighborhood.
[Wesley]
Well, as vice-chair
of the homeowners' association,
it's part of my job
to make sure
that it stays that way.
Right. Of course.
Uh, let me just cut
to the chase here.
Your garage door has been open
for over 20 consecutive minutes.
And?
Well, it's, it's a breach
of the rules.
My garage door being open?
Correct.
Well, maybe it's the truck here.
They pulled up,
they didn't deliver my La-Z-Boy,
but maybe it's their fault.
Right, and the movers did
block your mailbox
at one point as well,
but I'm gonna overlook that.
Wow, you'd do that for me,
Wesley?
You know, Mr. Manfredi,
I don't make the rules
nor do I set the fines.
- Fine?
- [Wesley] Yeah.
For having my garage door open?
First offense is $100.
We do have an appeals process,
but most people opt to just...
pay the penalty
and get on with their lives.
Yeah, I've had enough appeals,
so don't worry about it.
Once again,
garage doors may not remain ajar
longer than 20 minutes.
And, sir, it was a real
pleasure meeting you.
- I can take that right... Yeah.
- Yeah, a pleasure.
- See you around, Wesley.
- Yes.
♪ lighthearted music ♪
- The fuck he...?
- What happened, man?
All of a sudden,
this ball-breaker comes along.
[reverse alert beeping]
Nice sweater.
[Dwight]
Of course I wanted a La-Z-Boy.
I was dreaming about a La-Z-Boy.
I got the kids here, they'd sit
in the La-Z-Boy, we'd turn.
Have a good time, kid.
Maybe watch football together.
You can watch football
on the couch.
- Not the same.
- All right. Boys, go upstairs.
Go get cleaned. Go.
- I'll run the water.
- Thank you.
"Form follows function."
Did you ever hear
that expression?
I don't know what form
this thing is following,
but it's not functioning for me.
That's for sure.
Like, I don't see myself
in this chair
just having a beer.
Well, I've never seen you
drink a beer in your life.
That's beside the point.
I... you never know.
All right, fine, well, you know.
If you hate it that much--
It's not about hate.
Hate's a strong word.
It's okay-looking,
as chairs go, but...
let's live with it for a week.
- That's fair enough.
- [Joanne] Tina, you're up.
- Stop pouting.
- All right.
[Joanne]
I'm having more Barolo.
- You want some?
- Yeah.
Cheers. Tomorrow's a big day.
What's tomorrow?
Your trial.
- What are you talking about?
- Really?
[both laugh]
You're gonna do great.
We're gonna be there
cheering you on.
Oh, the judge
is gonna love that.
[glasses clink]
Yeah.
♪ pulsing, lively music
***
Tyson.
- Yo, yo.
- We're going to court today.
So, why are you wearing
your pajamas?
- Come on, this--
- Go home and get a suit.
- All right?
- Okay. For real?
Don't worry, I'll get the door.
- Oh, excuse me. [chuckles]
- [golf cart horn honks]
Ah, here we go.
George Jetson here.
[Wesley]
Mr. Manfredi.
How you doing, Wesley?
Well, I don't want be a pest--
But you'll be one anyway.
Your trash receptacles are
overflowing.
Well, we got a ton of plastic.
Came from that furniture
delivery, Wesley.
Right.
But you see, your receptacles
can't be so full
that the lids don't
entirely close.
Why is that exactly?
- Can you explain that?
- [Wesley scoffs]
It's unsightly.
It's garbage, it's supposed
to be unsightly.
That's why people
throw it away, Wesley.
[Wesley chuckles]
Nevertheless--
There's a fine.
- [Wesley] Yes.
- [Dwight] How much?
One-fifty.
I can take that.
All right.
Nice spending time with you.
Fuck I'm supposed to do
with this here?
Smoke it.
Good boy.
- [phone ringing]
- Good boy.
Yeah?
Yes, it's me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Of course I remember.
Very nice party, beautiful home.
What can I do for you?
- Mr. Truisi?
- Yeah.
Right this way.
Thank you.
[Thresher]
Ah.
Mr. Truisi,
thanks for coming in.
Please call me Armand.
I will do.
Can I get you coffee?
Tieguanyin?
It's a Chinese tea.
A gift from my business partner.
It's pretty damn good.
No, no, I'm good. Thank you.
I am a bit curious why I'm here,
however. [chuckles]
Well, I saw you
with Mr. Manfredi
at the fundraiser here
the other night.
Briefly, yeah.
You're from New York.
- Mm-hmm.
- So, how do you like our state?
Oh, Oklahoma's been
very good for me.
I mean, it's a little windy,
but--
And you and Mr. Manfredi,
you're good friends?
It's complicated.
Uh, I know him from back home.
I do some work for him
occasionally.
What type of work?
It's, uh... private.
Burning the candle
at both ends, uh?
I have no choice.
I'm-I'm going through a divorce.
The child support's killing me.
I've been there, Armand.
Believe me,
this too shall pass.
Well, it obviously has for you.
Well, in my case
it was a combination
of hard work and luck.
And a lot of good friends
who helped me along the way.
Well, I'm not afraid to work.
It's just, I'm so far behind,
I'd need a job at the mint
to keep up.
- How bad?
- You mean like how much?
- Yeah.
Well, the child support's
like 18 grand,
which might as well
be a million.
Not to mention
another bigger obligation.
But you don't need to hear
my problems.
This bigger obligation,
does it have anything to do
with your friend Manfredi?
Yeah, I don't know
if I should be talking here.
Let's just say it's private.
Fair enough.
- Can I be honest?
- Sure.
Did you bring me here 'cause
you have a hard-on for Dwight?
[Thresher laughs]
Well, I think maybe
I should be asking you that.
Well, what do you want from me?
Exactly?
I just like to help people.
[drawer opens]
♪ dramatic music
***
That's 30,000 in cash.
- You fucking kidding me?
- Like I said,
I like to help people.
And who knows?
Maybe one day you'll help me.
Armand.
Take it.
[McGrath] And as the agent
at your department in the ATF,
it was your clear understanding
that Mr. Manfredi's proffer
of the flash drive was
an attempt at bribery,
was it not?
We wouldn't have brought
these charges otherwise.
[McGrath]
Thank you, Chief Devlin.
No further questions,
Your Honor.
Mr. Manfredi, your witness.
I'm fine, Your Honor.
Thank you. No questions.
[Watkins]
The witness may step down.
Mr. Manfredi?
Thank you, Your Honor.
Respecting the court's time
and that of the jury,
I only have one witness to call.
The defense calls
Agent Stacy Beale.
[door opens]
♪ slow, intriguing music
***
Please place your left hand
on the Bible
and raise your right hand.
Do you swear or affirm
to tell the truth,
the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth,
so help you God?
- I do.
- [Watkins] Be seated.
Good morning, Stacy.
Normally, I would address
the witness, uh, more formally,
but as you're gonna
come to understand,
we know each other pretty well.
Objection. That has not
been established.
No, not yet,
but you'll hear it explained.
[Watkins]
Mr. Manfredi.
The objection
has been sustained.
[Dwight]
Okay.
We are acquainted, right, Stacy?
Yes, we are.
Do you remember
where we first met?
Yes.
[Dwight] Could you tell us
about it, please?
It was at a bar called
the Bred-2-Buck.
I was there with friends,
part of a bachelorette party.
Was it me
who approached you first?
No.
- I spoke to you first.
- Right.
Do you remember
where we went after that?
A strip club.
Yeah, a strip club,
and we had a good time,
and you danced, had a few
laughs, I enjoyed myself,
and you suggested
we go elsewhere.
Do you remember where that was?
- [softly] A hotel.
- [Watkins] The witness
will speak a little louder.
A hotel.
[Dwight]
Right.
And we talked
and got to know each other
pretty well, right?
[McGrath]
Objection. Leading the witness.
Isn't it true we got
pretty intimate that night?
Well, I was going
through a divorce.
I remember,
'cause we were talking
about that after the fact.
Stacy, I'm-I'm not trying
to embarrass you,
I'm not, really,
but it's very important
for the jury to know exactly
what went down.
So, we had a few laughs,
and you asked me how old I was.
I said 75 and you really
freaked out, remember?
- Yes.
- [McGrath] Is there a question
- in here?
- [Dwight] Yeah, there is.
She wanted to leave,
and I asked her,
"Was it the age gap?"
And she said
it wasn't an "age gap,"
it was an "age canyon,"
and got out of there
as fast as you could.
- [laughter]
- It was a little embarrassing.
A short time later,
you did return for another
- roll in the hay, right?
- [McGrath] Objection.
Mr. Manfredi,
rephrase the question.
I'm sorry.
This is not my...
[chuckles] everyday job.
We did sleep together again
after that?
And this was after
you reached out to me
following a shooting attempt
on my life, right?
Well, I was a little tipsy.
- Right.
- But yes.
[Dwight]
But then we sat down
and we talked about
important things
that people talk about.
- Things that friends talk about.
- [McGrath] Objection.
Speculation.
We were friends,
weren't we, Stacy?
We did confide in each other?
[low]
We confided in each other.
And then you gave me information
you probably shouldn't
have given,
putting your career in jeopardy,
information that probably
saved my life.
I suppose.
And then
you ultimately took a bullet
that was meant for me.
Now, Stacy,
if somebody had done
all of these things for you,
do you think you'd be thankful?
- Probably.
- Do you think it's possible
that you'd want to do
something for that person?
Maybe give them a gift?
Perhaps.
And this alleged
million-dollar flash drive
that the government
cannot prove came from me,
is it possible that, if it did,
it would have been my way
of saying thank you?
I suppose.
Do you know what
"quid pro quo" means?
Yes.
Doing a favor in exchange
for another favor.
Right.
And did I ever, ever ask you
for anything
for this alleged
million dollars?
No.
So, what we've established here
is a pattern
of Stacy being with me,
helping me,
and ultimately saving my life.
So I ask Stacy and the court,
is there a law
that says it's a crime
to want to do something nice
for somebody...
...even if they are an agent?
No.
Thank you.
No further questions,
Your Honor.
[Watkins]
Mr. McGrath, your witness.
- No questions.
- The witness may step down.
Now, it is my understanding
that you've both agreed
to forgo closing arguments?
Correct, Your Honor.
The jury will be dismissed
and begin deliberations.
[indistinct chatter]
Stacy.
Nice job.
I was fighting for my life.
Well, just so you know,
this is goodbye.
I'm being transferred
to Anchorage.
Alaska?
Unless there's another one.
I'm done here in Oklahoma,
but I guess
- that part is obvious.
- Sorry.
What's the difference?
Your life, my life,
no matter what, are failures.
I don't believe that.
They are.
But I'm happy for you.
I don't believe that, either.
[softly]
You shouldn't.
♪ slow, quirky music
[phone ringing]
Goodie. What's up?
[Goodie over phone]
We have a visitor.
Bill Bevilaqua,
don from Kansas City.
All right, I'm on my way.
How long has he been here?
[Bigfoot]
Maybe a half hour.
Hmm. All right, sit over there.
Dwight Manfredi, Bill Bevilaqua,
a friend of ours.
[Bevilaqua]
The General, right?
Heard a lot about you.
[Dwight] Yeah, I heard a lot
about you, too, Bill.
Carl Caputo,
also a friend of ours.
- You both met Goodie.
- Yeah, yeah.
You got some time? I know...
you're doing a trial.
How's that going?
Yeah, they're in
deliberation now,
so I don't have a lot of time.
You have any feeling
about the verdict?
You mean,
do I think I'm going away?
You're putting words
in my mouth, Dwight.
[Dwight laughs softly]
What are you doing in Tulsa?
Let me ask you
the same question.
- I was sent here.
- Yeah.
New York.
Pete Invernizzi.
- Once upon a time.
- Right.
I'm curious,
when Pete and his-his kid,
when he sent you here,
he didn't mention
- that Tulsa belongs to me?
- No.
Actually didn't say
anything about that,
and I think "belonged"
would be the correct way
to put it, Bill.
Why is that?
Because Tulsa belongs to me now.
You should learn
some fucking history.
What was it,
the beginning of last century?
Joe and Pete...
- DiGiovanni.
- ...DiGiovanni.
- Hmm.
- [Bevilaqua] They settled here,
they started the rackets,
they brought in
my great-grandfather
during Prohibition.
Now, since then,
it's been understood that KC
owns everything west of Chicago
and east of Vegas.
[thumps table]
The thing is, Bill, things
don't really belong to people
unless they got the balls
to take 'em.
Or take them back.
No one's talking to you, Carl.
[Bevilaqua]
You know, I came down here
in the hopes that we could
work something out,
and I-I think we still can,
Dwight.
I hear you're a smart man.
A man who likes to get along
for business.
So I'm gonna take a piece
of this place.
I want to be involved.
And anything else
you got cooking, General.
- [Dwight chuckles]
- I love that name.
You know, I'm sure
it was a long ride here, Bill.
But the truth is,
you guys never even knew
this fucking place existed
until I started
making some money.
So you would think,
with all that you got
in Kansas City,
you'd leave us
poor little fish alone.
Little fish?
All right. So be it.
But like I told Chickie,
I don't give a fuck
if it's you or it's him,
someone's gonna start
kicking up.
♪ tense, dramatic music
I don't answer to Chickie.
I don't answer to any man.
Is that gonna be it?
You don't even want
to offer me a taste
of what you're trying
to build here?
I say this with all due respect
because I know
what you're capable of,
but I'm not trying to build
anything here,
I am building something here.
And I really don't have anything
to offer you, Bill,
except a plate of spare ribs
for the ride home.
House specialty.
You got a sense of humor.
Sometimes.
- I don't.
- Yeah, well,
I'm sure you got
other qualities.
This is a nice joint
you got here, Dwight.
I like it.
I'm gonna send Carl back
with a proposition.
Be good for both of us.
What about the spare ribs?
Fuck the ribs, Dwight.
[door opens]
We just got word
from the courthouse.
The verdict is in.
[door closes]
[indistinct chatter]
Here, why don't you
- hold this stuff?
- What's this?
I may not be coming back
this way, so...
So if not,
then I get to keep it?
Ooh.
[laughs]
I'm just saying...
[sighs]
All rise.
The honorable
Judge Mark Watkins presiding.
[Watkins]
You may be seated.
Send in the jury.
Foreperson,
have you reached a verdict?
[foreperson]
We have, Your Honor.
[Watkins]
Pass it up here, please.
Foreperson, how do you find?
The Government v.
Dwight Manfredi,
docket number 3477864.
As to the charge of attempted
bribery of a federal agent
in violation of 18 U.S.
Criminal Code section 201,
we, the jury, find the defendant
Dwight Manfredi...
- not guilty.
- [cheering]
- [gavel banging]
- [Watkins] Order! Order!
Mr. Manfredi, there'll be
no further outbursts.
[Dwight]
Sorry, Your Honor.
- Am I free to go?
- You are.
Court dismissed.
Hey.
Give my best to Thresher.
♪ uplifting music
***
Hey, let me give
your stuff back. [chuckles]
[Dwight]
You know what,
- you can keep that.
- Really?
Yeah, everything
from the past is bad luck.
Bad luck for you
is good luck for me.
Okay, yeah. You got it.
You guys brought me good luck.
Thank you very much.
[reporter]
Dwight, how relieved are you?
[reporters clamoring]
Look at this.
Nice.
[reporter 2]
Dwight, congratulations...
No, one second, one second.
Come on, kids.
Get going, get going.
You're late for school.
Hurry up.
That's it.
- Mr. Manfredi.
- Yeah.
Would you like
to make a statement?
Sure. You know,
it's good to be in a city
where justice prevails.
I mean that.
Does that mean you're
going to stay in Oklahoma?
Oh, absolutely.
I love it out here.
Are you kidding?
Excuse me. Thank you very much.
Thank you.
[phone rings]
Yeah?
Cal, Dylan McGrath.
What's the result?
Not guilty.
You couldn't convict
that son of a bitch?
Juries, Cal.
You know how unpredictable
they can be.
Oh, sure.
I can be unpredictable myself.
Wait till your next
appointment comes up.
[phone beeps]
Son of a bitch.
Little more to the left,
then you're perfect.
[phone rings]
Hello.
[Chickie]
Yeah, Goodie, what happened?
They had a meeting.
They didn't see eye to eye.
Yeah? Well, it's over.
Bevilaqua's guy Caputo,
he's coming back.
To the Bred-2-Buck?
Yeah, whatever you call
that shithole.
More oil.
- What?
- I'm talking to Vince.
He'll text you. Caputo.
Just get Dwight outside,
and he'll take care of the rest.
You positive this is
the way you want to go?
Bevilaqua made him an offer.
He said no.
Fuck diplomacy anyway.
It never lasts.
[disconnect tone]
[phone beeps]
[newswoman] A blind hiker is
finally getting his wish
to be able to climb
Mount Everest.
The expedition
sets off next month,
after the group travels
from Brazil.
In local news, alleged
New York mobster Dwight Manfredi
was found not guilty today
in his federal bribery trial.
Manfredi,
a recent transplant to Tulsa,
had previously been involved in
two murders back east.
In weather, we're looking
at seasonal temperatures
for the next several days,
things cooling down, and then
a possibility of showers
toward the weekend.
Oh, here comes your friend.
[Dwight]
This guy again?
All right, be nice.
All right.
Mr. Manfredi. I...
How you doing, Wesley?
Ah, I'm okay.
But I've been
thinking, actually,
and, um, you know, considering
these were all first offenses,
why don't we just go ahead
and waive those fines?
I appreciate that.
[Wesley] Yeah, don't give it
another thought, really.
To tell you the truth,
th-these rules are really silly,
so you're not gonna hear
another peep out of me.
[Dwight chuckles]
[Wesley chuckles nervously]
- [laughter]
- All right, okay,
all right, see you.
I know how to shut up.
Don't you worry.
Bye now.
Have a good night.
Got to kill 'em
with kindness, girls.
["Tush" playing]
♪ I been up
♪ I been down
♪ Take my word
♪ My way around ♪
♪ I ain't askin' for much
♪ I said, Lord,
take me downtown ♪
♪ I'm just
lookin' for some tush ♪
♪ I been bad
♪ I been good
♪ Dallas, Texas
♪ Hollywood
♪ I ain't askin' for much
♪ I said, Lord,
take me downtown ♪
♪ I'm just
lookin' for some tush ♪
- [croupier] Thirty-three black.
- [Dwight] Not again.
- Did I win?
- Oh, my God.
- What, did I win?
- I'm afraid you did.
- [laughs]
- That's it, you're done.
I win! I'm a winner.
You're gonna
put me in the poorhouse.
Let's take a break,
let that thing cool off.
- But I won.
- I know you won,
it's my loss. Okay.
***
Hey, guys.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [Margaret] Hello.
[Dwight]
Hey, Bodhi.
What took you so long?
Where you been?
[Bodhi] Well, somebody has
to close up shop.
You were really impressive
in front of that jury.
[Dwight]
Appreciate that.
Was a little nervous,
to tell you the truth.
[Bodhi]
You were nervous?
You are human, huh?
Well, sort of.
Let's not get carried away.
- [laughter]
- Right?
You could have been
a lawyer, boss.
- You think so?
- Oh, definitely.
[Dwight]
Yes.
Uh, I think
I'm gonna go get a drink.
- I'll come with.
- [Fred] Me, too.
***
Is it my imagination,
or is he, like, really good?
[laughs]
Yeah, he is.
Hey, Mitch.
Play a little Bobby Darin,
"Mack the Knife."
Boy, how about something
from this century, Dwight?
[laughter]
Hey, so what is it gonna take
to get you to dance with me?
- Tough guys don't dance.
- Oh.
Or is that
tough guys don't dance well?
- Yeah, maybe that's it, hmm?
- [Margaret laughs]
Excuse me.
Bevilaqua just called.
His guy Caputo's here
with another offer.
He's outside, around back.
Okay, I'll be there
in two minutes.
["Another Somebody Done
Somebody Wrong Song" playing]
I got to go for a minute,
but I shall return, as they say.
Go make some more money.
The fix is in.
Oh, wow.
- No, you can't lose, you know.
- I'm a winner.
♪ So sad that it makes
everybody cry... ♪
Hey, Dad, I didn't
get to tell you earlier.
Hi, Tina. Hey.
I'm so proud of you.
I appreciate that.
- I'm so glad you showed up.
- Mm-hmm, we did it.
Thank you.
You enjoying yourself?
- Everything okay?
- Yeah, everything's great.
What are you talking about?
You know what it is?
I got to go see
the fire marshal.
You believe it?
He just shows up here
out of nowhere,
but I'll be back in a minute.
[Armand]
Congratulations, Skip.
Hey, Armand.
- Why weren't you in court?
- I had to work.
Speaking of, for you. Ten grand.
How'd you do that?
Trifecta. Even I get lucky
once in a while.
- Hmm.
- Anyway,
we're all squared
for the last month.
You got it.
- Keep it coming.
- Okay.
[Tyson]
Dude, what up?
Oh, this and that.
Listen, just enjoy the party.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
♪ So please play for me
♪ A sad melody
♪ "Mack the Knife"
by Bobby Darin ♪
[Caputo]
It's our territory.
Yeah, but you got to present him
with something
- that's gonna be...
- How you doing?
How you doing, Dwight?
Mr. Bevilaqua sends his regards,
appreciates you hearing us out.
Yeah, nothing wrong with
listening. What do you got?
I wrote it all down
so I'd get it exactly right.
♪ Oh, the shark, babe
[grunting]
- ♪ Has such teeth, dear
- [stabbing]
♪ And he shows them
pearly white... ♪
[Dwight]
You guys know
- what to do, right?
- [Bigfoot] Yes, sir.
You know where to take him?
I do.
Whatever it is, I want to go.
♪ And he keeps it
♪ Outta sight
♪ You know
when that shark bites ♪
♪ With his teeth, babe
♪ Scarlet billows
♪ Start to spread ♪
♪ Fancy gloves, though...
What'd I miss?
Me, hopefully.
Yeah?
You have a... a spot.
- Oh, I got it.
- No, no, I got it.
I got it.
♪ Now, on the sidewalk
There, all gone.
♪ Ooh, Sunday morning... ♪
Let's try dancing.
- Love to.
- Good.
♪ Lies a body
♪ Just oozin' life
♪ Eek, and someone's sneakin' ♪
♪ Round the corner
♪ Could that someone ♪
♪ Be Mack the Knife?
♪ There's a tugboat
- [Dwight] Margaret.
- ♪ Ha, ha, ha
♪ Down by the river,
don't you know ♪
♪ Where a cement bag's
- I'll call you.
- Okay.
♪ Just a-droopin' on down
♪ Oh, that cement is just ♪
♪ It's there
for the weight, dear ♪
♪ Five'll get you ten ♪
♪ Ol' Mackie's back in town ♪
♪ Oh, now, I said Jenny Diver
♪ Whoa, Suky Tawdry
♪ Look out, Miss Lotte Lenya
♪ And ol' Lucy Brown
♪ Yes, that line forms
♪ On the right, babe, now that
♪ Mackie's ♪
♪ Back in town
[sustaining note]
♪ Look out, ol' Mackie is back
[song ends]
♪ percussive, upbeat music
***